About this gig
Hi!
My name is Shivangi, and I am a certified Frontend developer with two years of experience. contributing to open-source programs and working on many hands-on projects with 100% client satisfaction.
Created Many Projects Including E-Commerce, NFT MarketPlaces, Dashboards, API Sites, etc,

About This Gig:
This gig is about making your idea into a Front End Website using the most popular Client Side UI Library, React.js

I will do the Following Things

Create a landing Page With React
Complete Responsive React Web App
Fixing bugs or making your React Site Faster
For Extraordinary user Interface will use any CSS library Tailwind, Bootstrap as per requirements.
Fast-performing Web App
Will Create Server rendered Application(per requirement)
If you don't find anything you looking for feel free to ask me for, its free by the way!

Why Choose Me!
I have created many real-life applications with stunning UI and interfaces like e-commerce,
NFT Market, and doctor-finding apps.
Having a lot of skills set after developing real-time applications.

Please message me before placing your order!

Website type
Saas

Programming language
HTML & CSS
JavaScript
TypeScript

Website features
Payment
Shipping
Inventory
Analytics
Form
Chat
Map
Gallery
Booking
Calendar


About the seller

Sameer Ahmed
Full stack Web Develpper MERN,MEAN, MEVN And UX Desgner

Hello!,
Sameer is here, a full-stack web developer with 5+ years of experience who can do everything from designing stunning user interfaces with JS and CSS frameworks like React and Tailwind, Material UI, and Bootstrap to creating server-side logic with Node and its popular frameworks like Express, Nest JS, and Sails js. I can work on both Rest Api and Graphql also a UX designer, using both popular tools, Figma and Adobe Xd. Put your trust in me, and I will provide you with the magical work you want. 
Customer satisfaction is my First Priority.
Let's Talk! 
It's free, by the way!

----------------------------------------------------

About this Gig
Imagine THE IMPACT a professionally designed and smoothly running website will have on your Business Success.
I can help you create that Impact!

I am Saim Abbas, a certified front end web developer with 5 years of working experience. Having developed the frontend for 300+ websites, I'm prepared to deliver the same exceptional results for your project.

My Service Includes:

Pixel Perfect (1-1 correspondence of design and website)
Browser Compatible
SEO Optimization
Fully Responsive (All Screen Sizes)
Live Preview of the Work
Top-Tier 2D/3D Web Animations (Micro-animations are FREE)
UI/UX Design
API Integration
Easy and effective communications
Complete Support after final delivery (I stand by my work)

Tools & Tech
Html Css, Javascript, JQuery, Typescript, React, Next.js, Firebase, Redux, API Integration, Axios, Sass, Bootstrap, MUI, Tailwind Css, Ant Design, Styled Components, Gsap, Three.js, Css3 Animations, GitHub, Figma

I understand each project is different and can have unique requirements. I am always open to discussing potential projects despite the time, budget, and availability needed.

Drop me a message and let's kick things off!

Regards,
Saim Abbas | Webexhaust

