faq section
What technologies do you use?
I use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Vue etc.

Can you design my website from scratch?
Yes, I can design your website from scratch. I can also work with your existing designs or help you refine your ideas.

Can you convert my Figma designs to HTML?
Yes, I can convert your Figma designs to HTML. I can also help you optimize your designs for web development.

How can I ensure that my website is responsive?
I use responsive web design principles to ensure that your website looks great on all devices, from desktops to smartphones. I will also test your website on different devices before I deliver it to you.

Do you offer any revisions?
Yes, I offer revisions to ensure that you are happy with the final product. However, please note that there is a limit to the number of revisions that I can offer.

Do you have a portfolio?
Yes, I have a portfolio of my work that you can view on my website.

How long will it take to complete my project?
The time it takes to complete your project will depend on the complexity of your requirements. However, I will provide you with an estimated timeline in my proposal.

what if I don't find what I'm looking for in your description?
Programming Tech is so Advanced Even the Frontend has many things which I can't all list here. Kindly Text me what is your requirement.

What if I only wanted to change something in my already existing App?
Text me there will be a customized price for your solution.

Is your Apps will be Responsive?
All of our Web Application Will be responsive.

What if I don't like Something you make?
It can be revised how many times you want For Standard and premium packs.

Do you also provide back end services in this gig?
NO. But if you also want back end services for your website then let me know in the inbox first.

How do you make web animations ?
I make stunning web animations using CSS3, gsap.js and three.js

What if I don't have a UI design for my web pages?
Don't worry. I am also an amazing UI/UX designer. You can ask me to design an interactive UI and UX design for your website. But it will cost you additionally.